

why do i want to be a software developer?
the problem solving, there are always new problems that need solving and a lot of the thing
these problems will be unique.
there is a lot of creativity invovled.
project based, as a developer ill be working on large or small projcts, ever new project will be with
a new set of challenges and new things to worry about and learn about
continous learning- as a devleoper i have to always be on top of new technology trends 
collaboration - to be a great developer you have to be a great communicator and team player. you collaborate
with ur peers by sharing knowledge and expanding each others knowledge of best pracitces. you have to work
with several different departments too. 


If needed, how would you go about designing scalable applications? Walk us through your process.

 Example: "You design scalable projects by writing as little code as possible.
 You also want to reuse as much code as you can while not over or under doing your design.
 Then break things down into 
modular sections that can run on multiple or separate systems." 
soft skills:

. Can you describe the development methodology that you're familiar with?

Hiring managers are looking to understand how a job candidate would 
fit into their organization's work environment and process, 
Halpin said. For example, if a candidate comes from an agile background, 
it will likely be easier for them to adapt to a waterfall or hybrid development methodology.
"If a candidate hasn't had experience with a specific methodology and
 is interviewing for a position that uses agile or waterfall,
 it won't necessarily be a deal-breaker, but the candidate should
 be able to overcome that objection and explain how they will 
familiarize themselves with the methodology required," Halpin said. 
"There are meetups, certifications and books that can help tech professionals learn these." 


 Failure isn't the same thing as defeat.
 Failure is temporary, defeat is permanent. 
If you want to succeed, you have to learn 
how to swallow your pride and get out there 
and not be afraid to make a fool of yourself.
    You could have all the skills in life that
 should make you successful, but if you lack one 
important skill, perseverance, it will all be worthless,
 because at the first sign of trouble, you'lll give up -
 and we all will face some amount of trouble in our lives.

I value being approacble and if any1 needs my help they wouldnt
hesitate to ask me




where do i see myself in 5 years question
I wil be a mid level software developer leading teams for complex projects, and with some side projects
in mobile apps and games making me money on the side. 

biggest challenge you faced question
talk about my computer graphics thing.
what type of leadership do you prefer?
collobrative leadership style

why should i hire the other peopel?

talk about webspotifiy

if i had 1 million dollars invested into me

why finance?

"Tell me a little about yourself."

"What kind of work environment do you like best?"

"Why do you want this job?"
“I’m mostly looking for a nice team of people to work with, 
more than a specific industry or technology. I applied to your company because you advertised a C++ role, and I have a lot of C++, 
but what I really care about is the team, and that’s something I have to interview to find out.”
 

questions to ask:

how much of your day do u spend coding?

how many meetings do you have every week?

what is the ratio of testers to developers to program managers?

what is the interaction like? how does project planning happen on the team?

 

i noticed that you use technology x? how do you handle problem y?

why did the product choose to use x protocol over the y protocol? i know it was used

for benefits like a,b,c but many companies choose not to use it because of issue D.

 

i am very intersted in scalability. did you come in with a background in this or what opportunities are there to learn about it?

im not familiar with technology x, but it sounds like a very interesting solution. could you tell me a bit more about how it works?